hello hello Sami I see you have some
baggage he just came here yeah and we
need to check what is inside sure Wow
yes I'm gonna help you with this yeah I
have a knife here it looks like at the
rupee the person a person no yes
you're dead excited okay open it see
please enter from other books
hey there is a sign Lego scooby-doo
mystery builder campaign yes okey so
let's see what you got whoa Wow what's
that oh my gosh wow what's that that's
all in the box
Hey laughs these days that's cool you
look handsome Sammy that's what's inside
as well Oh gonna be good
no that's nice
wow that's amazing they like this box
whoa
set Lego set we need to check this yeah
some here one another set what Kim
Pumpkinhead
yes that's great are they making this
for Helen lady
great let me see there is another one
they see some big sir Wow we just gonna
take
then closely more closely than the vegan
100 just yeah let's see them again so
how many says will you have sent me one
two three four five there's another one
one two three four five one two three
four five so this one is mummy Museum
mystery mister mansion and the Mystery
Machine I gonna love this one
the next one is haunted lighthouse look
how the lighthouse and the last one and
the last one is mr. plane adventure
starts a good one as well but we are not
going to open them today you know too
many of them but we're going to open
each of it in a separate video so watch
our videos and I think they are not
released yet you cannot buy them in the
shop yeah so that's all for today we are
very happy we have this package we're
going to open all of them in our videos
just wait
seems like they are awesome Legos
scooby-doo yes and see our